1/2lb   Thanksgiving Turkey - brined for two nights and frozen for one month.
        Thawed once for Christmas Dinner. Frozen again.
        Thawed a second time over two days in the refrigerator.
1       Flour Tortilla
1/2     Ripe Avocado
2 slice Horseradish Cheddar
1tbsp   Sundried Tomato Spread
1tbsp   Olive Oil
1tbsp   Mayo
1tbsp   Chipotle Hot Sauce
1/2tsp  Taco Seasoning
1/2tsp  Onion Powder
1/4tsp  Cream of Tartar

1.  Set the stove to medium heat under seasoned cast iron skillet.
Forget about it while researching how GitHub works and bring it nearly to the smoke point of the previous day's Olive Oil and Eggs.

2.  Disperse Shredded turkey onto the hot skillet and push it around until it lays evenly like big country hashbrowns. Turn the stove-top down to low heat to try your best to regulate the heat so the Turkey doesn't cook too unevenly and turn to burnt rubber.
    After adding Olive Oil, add taco seasoning, onion powder, and cream of tartar while pushing the Turkey around flipping it over as well as possible for even cooking.

3.  Drape the flour tortilla over the cast iron skillet so that it is protected from the skillet bottom by touching the shredded turkey. (warming the tortilla this way creates a vapor lock to more evenly reheat the turkey, while also softening the tortilla for rolling later)

4.  After about 2 minutes, remove the tortilla and let the turkey continue cooking while preparing the inside of the burrito.
    Spread mayonaise onto tortilla.
    Spread sundried tomato spread onto tortilla.
    With a sharp kitchen knife, vertically slice about 8 long wedges of Avocado and squeeze them onto the tortilla, taking up as much surface area as possible.
    Add hot sauce

5.  Carry skillet with pot holder to where the burrito filling is prepared and drop heated turkey onto tortilla.
    Add Cheese and a bit more hot sauce to taste.
    Wrap the burrito by first rolling contents to one dominant third. Then, folding perpendicular wings over by a quarter, roll from the dominant side towards empty flap.

6.  Move burrito to still hot skillet and set it down with seam touching skillet. Cover with a lid and let heat for about 2-3 minutes until brown.
    Repeat browning on opposing side with 180 degree turn.
    **If you really want to go the extra mile, my old friend Shawn taught me to stand the burrito VERTICALLY in the pan, toasting, browning, and searing the openings shut, caramelizing juices even more.

7.  Your Thanksgiving Turkey burrito is ready to eat!
    Best served with a sour home made Mezcal Margarita and lots of extra hot sauce on hand.


Buen Provecho


